{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\
 id: "COA-003",\
 name: "Apply Account Filters",\
 description: "User applies filters to Chart of Accounts view to locate specific accounts based on various criteria",\
 category: "core",\
\
 actors: \{\
   primary: ["Administrator", "Manager", "Accountant"],\
   secondary: []\
 \},\
 permissions: \{\
   required: [\
     "VIEW_CHART_OF_ACCOUNTS",\
     "USE_ADVANCED_FILTERS"\
   ],\
   restricted: [\
     "Cannot filter accounts outside assigned general ledger",\
     "Cannot view filtered balances without balance permission"\
   ]\
 \},\
\
 dataAccess: \{\
   read: [\
     "Account",\
     "AccountCategory",\
     "AccountSubcategory",\
     "AccountStatus",\
     "AccountBalance",\
     "UserPreferences"  // For saved filters\
   ],\
   write: [\
     "UserPreferences"  // For saving filter configurations\
   ],\
   delete: []\
 \},\
 dataValidation: \{\
   rules: [\
     "Filter criteria must be valid for field type",\
     "Date ranges must be valid",\
     "Numeric ranges must be valid",\
     "Category/subcategory combinations must be valid"\
   ],\
   constraints: [\
     "Maximum of 10 concurrent filter criteria",\
     "Results limited to 1000 accounts per page",\
     "Filter operations must complete within 2 seconds"\
   ]\
 \},\
\
 securityControls: \{\
   authentication: [\
     "Valid user session required"\
   ],\
   authorization: [\
     "Role-based filter access",\
     "Data visibility restrictions",\
     "General ledger restrictions"\
   ],\
   audit: [\
     "Filter usage logging",\
     "Search pattern tracking",\
     "Results access logging"\
   ]\
 \},\
\
 preconditions: [\
   "User is authenticated",\
   "User has valid role assignment",\
   "Chart of Accounts view is loaded"\
 ],\
 postconditions: [\
   "Filtered results displayed",\
   "Filter criteria saved to session",\
   "Filter usage logged",\
   "Result count displayed"\
 ],\
 triggers: [\
   "User enters filter criteria",\
   "User selects predefined filter",\
   "User modifies existing filter",\
   "User clears filters"\
 ],\
 mainFlow: [\
   "1. User accesses filter interface",\
   "2. System displays available filter options",\
   "3. User enters/selects filter criteria",\
   "4. System validates filter criteria",\
   "5. System applies filters to account list",\
   "6. System updates display with filtered results",\
   "7. System shows result count",\
   "8. System offers to save filter configuration"\
 ],\
 alternateFlows: [\
   \{\
     condition: "Invalid filter criteria",\
     steps: [\
       "1. System displays validation errors",\
       "2. System highlights invalid fields",\
       "3. System maintains previous filter state"\
     ]\
   \},\
   \{\
     condition: "No results found",\
     steps: [\
       "1. System displays 'no matches' message",\
       "2. System suggests filter modifications",\
       "3. System offers to clear filters"\
     ]\
   \}\
 ],\
\
 performance: \{\
   expectations: [\
     "Filter application under 500ms",\
     "Filter validation under 100ms",\
     "UI updates under 200ms",\
     "Saved filter load under 300ms"\
   ],\
   constraints: [\
     "Client-side memory limitations",\
     "Network bandwidth for result sets",\
     "Browser rendering performance"\
   ]\
 \},\
 errorHandling: \{\
   scenarios: [\
     "Invalid filter combination",\
     "Too many filter criteria",\
     "Performance threshold exceeded",\
     "Data access error"\
   ],\
   responses: [\
     "Show specific validation messages",\
     "Suggest filter simplification",\
     "Offer to reduce result set",\
     "Provide clear error recovery steps"\
   ]\
 \},\
\
 relatedRequirements: [\
   "R#2.12 - Filter data in chart of accounts using various tokens",\
   "R#2.8 - Search using account number/name",\
   "R#2.7 - View individual accounts and details"\
 ],\
 dependencies: \{\
   facades: [\
     "ChartOfAccountsFacade",\
     "FilteringFacade"\
   ],\
   services: [\
     "AccountingStateService",\
     "FilterService",\
     "ValidationService",\
     "PreferenceService"\
   ],\
   components: [\
     "FilterPanelComponent",\
     "FilterCriteriaComponent",\
     "ResultsComponent",\
     "SavedFiltersComponent"\
   ]\
 \},\
\
 testCriteria: \{\
   acceptance: [\
     "All filter types work correctly",\
     "Results match filter criteria",\
     "Performance meets expectations",\
     "Filter combinations work correctly"\
   ],\
   validation: [\
     "Filter criteria validation",\
     "Result set validation",\
     "Permission checking",\
     "Saved filter functionality"\
   ],\
   edge_cases: [\
     "Maximum filter criteria",\
     "Complex filter combinations",\
     "Large result sets",\
     "Zero results",\
     "All accounts match filter",\
     "Partial permission scenarios"\
   ]\
 \}\
\}}