{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \{\
  id: "COA-001",\
  name: "View Chart of Accounts",\
  description: "User views the complete chart of accounts with filtering and sorting capabilities",\
  category: "core",\
\
  actors: \{\
    primary: ["Administrator", "Manager", "Accountant"],\
    secondary: []\
  \},\
  permissions: \{\
    required: ["VIEW_CHART_OF_ACCOUNTS"],\
    restricted: []\
  \},\
\
  dataAccess: \{\
    read: [\
      "Account",\
      "AccountBalance",\
      "AccountMetadata",\
      "AccountStatus"\
    ],\
    write: [],\
    delete: []\
  \},\
  dataValidation: \{\
    rules: [\
      "User has access to assigned general ledger",\
      "Accounts match user's authorization level"\
    ],\
    constraints: [\
      "Maximum 25 accounts per page",\
      "Real-time balance updates"\
    ]\
  \},\
\
  securityControls: \{\
    authentication: ["Valid user session required"],\
    authorization: [\
      "Role-based access control",\
      "Account-level permissions check"\
    ],\
    audit: ["View access logging"]\
  \},\
\
  preconditions: [\
    "User is authenticated",\
    "User has valid role assignment",\
    "At least one account exists in system"\
  ],\
  postconditions: [\
    "Accounts displayed according to filter criteria",\
    "Account balances shown are current"\
  ],\
  triggers: [\
    "User navigates to Chart of Accounts page",\
    "User applies new filter/sort criteria",\
    "User refreshes view"\
  ],\
  mainFlow: [\
    "1. User navigates to Chart of Accounts view",\
    "2. System verifies user permissions",\
    "3. System retrieves accessible accounts",\
    "4. System applies default sorting (by account number)",\
    "5. System displays accounts with current balances",\
    "6. User can apply filters or change sorting",\
    "7. System updates display in real-time"\
  ],\
  alternateFlows: [\
    \{\
      condition: "No accounts found",\
      steps: [\
        "1. System displays empty state message",\
        "2. System provides guidance for next steps"\
      ]\
    \},\
    \{\
      condition: "Filter returns no results",\
      steps: [\
        "1. System shows 'no matches' message",\
        "2. System offers to clear filters"\
      ]\
    \}\
  ],\
\
  performance: \{\
    expectations: [\
      "Initial load under 2 seconds",\
      "Filter updates under 500ms",\
      "Real-time balance updates under 1 second"\
    ],\
    constraints: [\
      "Limited to 1000 accounts per page",\
      "Balance updates dependent on transaction processing"\
    ]\
  \},\
  errorHandling: \{\
    scenarios: [\
      "Database connection failure",\
      "Permission verification failure",\
      "Invalid filter criteria"\
    ],\
    responses: [\
      "Show connection error with retry option",\
      "Redirect to login with error message",\
      "Display filter validation errors"\
    ]\
  \},\
\
  relatedRequirements: [\
    "R#2.7 - View individual accounts and charts",\
    "R#2.8 - Search using account number/name",\
    "R#2.12 - Filter data using various tokens"\
  ],\
  dependencies: \{\
    facades: [\
      "ChartOfAccountsFacade",\
      "AccountBalanceFacade"\
    ],\
    services: [\
      "AccountingStateService",\
      "FilterService",\
      "ErrorHandlingService"\
    ],\
    components: [\
      "ChartOfAccountsComponent",\
      "AccountTableComponent",\
      "FilterComponent"\
    ]\
  \},\
\
  testCriteria: \{\
    acceptance: [\
      "All accessible accounts displayed",\
      "Correct balance shown for each account",\
      "Filters work as expected",\
      "Sort options function correctly"\
    ],\
    validation: [\
      "Permission checks enforced",\
      "Balance accuracy verified",\
      "Filter validation applied"\
    ],\
    edge_cases: [\
      "Very large number of accounts",\
      "Concurrent balance updates",\
      "Complex filter combinations",\
      "All accounts filtered out"\
    ]\
  \}\
\}}